---
layout: post
title: Support Ops Ep 12
description: Just started checking out this podcast, hosted by Chase Clemons of 37Signals. This episode is with guest Carolyn Kopprasch of Buffer.
category: Support, podcast
---

Team Notes
---
* at 165 email conversations per day, they have 3.5 people (3 full time
  happiness heroes, and 1 happiness engineer.
* Team is very in-touch - high communication levels.
* Their engineers also pitch in - 5 emails per day each (even on weekends)

Providing Support
---
* Carolyn makes it sound like many of their issues are password resets and
  browser incompatibilities - would be interesting to hear more about what
  their main support issues are.
* She makes a great point about the conversation - Chase asks about
  specialization within the support team, and she says they are able to answer
  questions. They don't claim individual *cases* or *emails* - they decided it
  would be faster and more efficient for the customer to receive immediate help
  from anyone on the team, not just waiting for one person (we agree on that!).
  * Danger is it can get a bit of a "call center" feel if they feel passed
    around, but it's much better for the customer (quick responses) and the
    team (they can do things they need to do).
* Important point with the multiple team members handling a single thread -
  make sure the customer is aware they are now talking to someone else!
* Goal for them is 24/7 support, M-F in specific timezones, but they do triage
  over the weekends as well.
* Avoid "turning their answers into pre-fab responses". They use TextExpander
  to write instructional emails (ie "click here, then click here, etc.")
* Carolyn says they love email, and encourage more of it!
* **Beast Mode**: 60 minutes of non-stop inbox chomping, then 30 minutes break.

Numbers
---
* Their happiness report is the holding place for their numbers, and sharing
  this info is key for their sense of transparency.
* Sharing challenges and successes.
* Tracking numbers to try and change them, tracking numbers just to know.
  * Ex of one they want to move: percent of emails they respond to in less than 
    an hour.
  * Ex of one they track, but don't want to move: Number of emails that you are responding
    to (good, but can have a detrimental effect on support)

Unhappy Customers
---
* Chase brings up point - there are certain customers that are just frowning,
  they aren't happy about lack of features, etc.
* Difference between frowning *you* and frowning *the product*.
* Carolyn says providing the frown is cathartic - lets them know we are
  interested in their feedback (even if it's negative).

Tools
---
* They use [Helpscout](http://helpscout.net) (sick)
* TwitSpark
* TextExpander
* Hively

Distributed Team
---
* Helps with the timezone coverage
* The distributed team means they can hire excellent people from anywhere -
  they are not geographically limited.
